you know what I just did I just walked
out that door so a couple detectives
that I was about to start bad-mouthing
you behind your back but I stopped
myself because my pops taught me that a
man who talks behind somebody's back is
a coward
Wow I actually appreciate that good cuz
I'm gonna tell you directly to your face
you don't have to know I don't like you
I think you're a fake cop the sound of
your piss hitting the urinal it sounds
feminine if we're in the wild I would
attack you even if you weren't in my
food chain I would go out of my way to
attack you if I were a lion and you were
tuna I would swim out in the middle of
the ocean and freaking eat you and then
I bang your tuna girlfriend okay first
off a lion swimming in the ocean lions
don't like water if you place it near a
river or some sort of fresh water source
that makes sense
but you find yourself in the ocean
20-foot wave I'm assuming it's off the
coast of South Africa coming up against
a full-grown 800-pound tuna with his 20
or 30 friends you lose that battle you
lose that battle nine times out of ten
and guess what you've wandered into our
school of tuna and we now have a taste
of line we've talked to ourselves we've
communicated yeah I said you know what
lion tastes good let's go get some more
lion we've developed a system to
establish a beachhead and aggressively
hunt you and your family and we will
corner your your pride your children
you're a brat we will construct a series
of breathing apparatus with kelp we will
be able to trap certain amounts of
oxygen it's not gonna be days at a time
but an hour hour 45 no problem that will
give us enough time to figure out where
you live go back to the sea get more
oxygen and then stock you you just lost
your own game you're outgunned and out
man did that go the way you thought it
was gonna go nope
Wow Wow don't
you
[Music]